{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset186 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green176\blue80;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont3\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang39 Xbox 360 Controller Emulator 4.\f1\lang1063 x (uses \f2\lang39 ViGEmBus Virtual Gamepad Emulation Driver\f1\lang1063 )\b0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\lang39 If you \f1\lang1063 want \cf1 HELP\cf0  and have\f2\lang39  questions about installation or configuration, please go to\f1\lang1063 :\par
X360CE Home Page: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.x360ce.com }}{\fldrslt{https://www.x360ce.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\line\f2\lang39 NGEmu X360CE Forum\f1\lang1063 :\f2\lang39  {\f1\lang1063{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.ngemu.com/forums/x360ce.140/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.ngemu.com/forums/x360ce.140/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\lang1063\line You can find solutions on Google: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.google.com/search?q=x360ce }}{\fldrslt{https://www.google.com/search?q=x360ce\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\line You can find solutions and tutorials on YouTube: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=x360ce }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=x360ce\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\f0\lang1033 V\f1\lang1063 iGEm Homepage: {\f2\lang39{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://github.com/ViGEm/ViGEmBus }}{\fldrslt{http://github.com/ViGEm/ViGEmBus\ul0\cf0}}}}\f2\fs22\lang39\line\f1\lang1063 HIDGuardian Homepage: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ViGEm/HidGuardian }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ViGEm/HidGuardian\ul0\cf0}}}}\b\f0\fs22\lang1033\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\lang39 IMPORTANT Notes\b0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\lang1063 1. \f2\lang39 There is no need to place \cf1 x360ce.exe\cf0  inside the game folder. You can keep \ul single\ulnone  copy at one place on your PC.\par

\pard\li1440\sa200\sl276\slmult1 For example: C:\\Program Files\\x360ce\\x360ce.exe\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\lang1063 2. \cf3\f2\lang39 Do not close\cf0  \cf1 X360CE 4.x\cf0  \cf3 during the game\cf0 , just minimise it to reduce CPU use.\line\f1\lang1063 3. \f2\lang39 Make sure your game is set to use \cf1 XInput Devices\cf0 .\par
For example: In "Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands" you have to set\f1\lang1063 :\par
\cf1\tab\f2\lang39 OPTIONS > CONTROLLER > ENABLE CONTROLLER: ONLY GAMEPADS\cf0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Install and Use Instructions\b0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\lang1063 1. \f2\lang39 Download latest \cf1 X360CE\cf0  (same file for 32-bit and 64-bit Windows).\line\f1\lang1063 2. \f2\lang39 Extract downloaded \cf1 ZIP\cf0  file and launch \cf1 x360ce.exe\cf0 .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Installing ViGEmBus Virtual Gamepad Emulation Driver\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf4\b0\f1\lang1063 [\f2\lang39 Issues\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f2\lang39  tab in \cf1 X360CE\cf0  will start blinking if \cf1\f1\lang1063 ViGEmBus \f2\lang39 Driver\cf0  is missing.\par
\f1\lang1063 1. \f2\lang39 Select \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f2\lang39 Issues\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f2\lang39  tab and click on \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f2\lang39 Install\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f2\lang39  button to install \cf1\f1\lang1063 ViGEmBus \f2\lang39 Driver\cf0 .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Adding DirectInput Device (Controller)\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\f1\lang1063 1. \f2\lang39 Connect your \cf1 DirectInput Device (controller)\cf0  to computer.\line\f1\lang1063 2. \f2\lang39 Select \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f2\lang39 Controller 1\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f2\lang39  tab and click on \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f2\lang39 Add...\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f2\lang39  button.\line\f1\lang1063 4. \f2\lang39 Select \cf1 controller\cf0  you want to add-map and click on \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f2\lang39 OK\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f2\lang39  button.\line\f1\lang1063 5. \f2\lang39 Enable \cf1 controller\cf0  by clicking on  \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f2\lang39 Enable # Mapped Device\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f2\lang39  inside \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f2\lang39 Controller 1\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f2\lang39  tab.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Configuring and Mapping Buttons and Axes\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\f1\lang1063 1. \f2\lang39 Select \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f2\lang39 Controller 1\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f2\lang39  tab \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 General\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  tab.\line\f1\lang1063 2. \f0\lang1033 Click on \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 drop-down\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  (drop-down menu with options will appear).\line\f1\lang1063 3. \f0\lang1033 Map \cf1 button\cf0  or \cf1 axis\cf0  by selecting \cf4 [Record]\cf0  option and pressing \cf1 button\cf0  or moving \cf1 axis\cf0  on your \cf1 controller\cf0 .\line\f1\lang1063 4. \f0\lang1033 Click \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 Save All\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  button (at top right corner of application) when done.\line\f1\lang1063 5. \f0\lang1033 Minimise \cf1 X360CE\cf0  in order to reduce CPU use (program icon will be visible in tray).\line\f1\lang1063 6. \f0\lang1033 Launch the game and see how it works.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b How to Install or Uninstall ViGEmBus Virtual Gamepad Emulation Driver\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\f1\lang1063 I\f0\lang1033 nstall: Run \cf1 X360CE\cf0  as an \ul Administrator\ulnone  \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 Options\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  tab \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 Virtual Device\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  tab \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  ViGEm Bus \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 Install\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  button.\line Uninstall: Run \cf1 X360CE\cf0  as an \ul Administrator\ulnone  \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 Options\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  tab \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 Virtual Device\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  tab \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  ViGEm Bus \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 Uninstall\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  button.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b How to Install or Uninstall HIDGuardian When Access to Keyboard and Mouse is Lost\b0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3 IMPORTANT !!! Please read before installing HIDGuardian !!!\cf0\par
Purpose of \cf1 HIDGuardian\cf0  is to hide original controllers from games, so that only virtual controllers are visible. Install \cf1 HIDGuardian\cf0  only if original controller prevents virtual controller functioning properly in the game.\par
Install: Run \cf1 X360CE\cf0  as an \ul Administrator\ulnone  \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 Options\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  tab \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 Virtual Device\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  tab \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  HID Guardian \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 Install\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  button.\line Uninstall: Run \cf1 X360CE\cf0  as an \ul Administrator\ulnone  \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 Options\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  tab \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 Virtual Device\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  tab \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang1033  HID Guardian \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang1033 Uninstall\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang1033  button.\par
\cf3 DO NOT\cf0  attempt to remove \cf1 HIDGuardian\cf0  by simply deleting it from Windows OS \cf1 Device Manager\cf0 . This can result in \cf3 loosing access\cf0  to your \cf1 Mouse\cf0  and \cf1 Keyboard\cf0  and you will be forced to follow Manual Uninstall Instructions below.\par
How to remove HIDGuardian if access to your Mouse and Keyboard is lost (GitHub)\f1\lang1063 :\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/x360ce/x360ce/wiki/HID-Guardian }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/x360ce/x360ce/wiki/HID-Guardian\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang1033\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\lang39 Problem: Application has failed to start because MSVCR100.dll was not found.\b0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Reason: Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Redistributable Package is missing.\line Solution: Download and install Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Redistributable Package\f1\lang1063 s\f0\lang39 :\par
(x86)\f1\lang1063 : {\f0\lang39{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=a7b7a05e-6de6-4d3a-a423-37bf0912db84 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=a7b7a05e-6de6-4d3a-a423-37bf0912db84\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang39\line (x64):\f1\lang1063  {\f0\lang39{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyID=bd512d9e-43c8-4655-81bf-9350143d5867 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyID=bd512d9e-43c8-4655-81bf-9350143d5867\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang39\par
Note: You must install both packages on Windows 64-bit!\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Wheel doesn't work in the game, but it works inside x360ce Application.\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Some games work only when controller is disguised as GamePad even if its Wheel. Try to:\par
1. Run \cf1\f1\lang1063 x360ce.exe\cf0 .\f0\lang39\line 2. Select \f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang39 tab\f1\lang1063 ]\f0\lang39  with your \cf1 Wheel Controller\cf0 .\line 3. Open \cf4 [Advanced]\cf0  tab page.\line 4. Set \f1\lang1063 "\f0\lang39 Device Type\f1\lang1063 "\f0\lang39  \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang39 drop\f1\lang1063 -\f0\lang39 down\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang39  list value to: \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang39 GamePad\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0 .\line\f0\lang39 5. Click \cf4 [Save]\cf0  button.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b How to reduce wheel dead zone?\b0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 1. Run \cf1 x360ce.exe\cf0\f1\lang1063 .\f0\lang39\line 2. Select \f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang39 tab\f1\lang1063 ]\f0\lang39  with your \cf1 Wheel Controller\cf0 .\line 3. Open \cf4 [Advanced\f1\lang1063 ?\f0\lang39 ]\cf0  tab page.\line 4. Select \cf1 "Enabled (XInput, 80%)"\cf0  from \cf1 "AntiDeadZone?"\cf0  \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang39 drop\f1\lang1063 -\f0\lang39 down\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0\f0\lang39  to reduce dead zone by \cf1 80%\cf0 .\line 5. Click \cf4 [Save?]\cf0  button.\par
Note: Some games have control issues when deadzone is reduced by \cf1 100%\cf0 .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Gas and brake pedals are combined. How can I separate them?\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Solution 1\f1\lang1063 : \f0\lang39 If you have \ul Logitech wheel\ulnone :\par
1\f1\lang1063 .\f0\lang39  Open \cf1 "Logitech Profiler"\cf0  Tool\f1\lang1063 .\f0\lang39\line 2\f1\lang1063 .\f0\lang39  From menu open: Device \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang39  Game Controllers...\line 3\f1\lang1063 .\f0\lang39  Select your controller and click [Properties] button.\line 4\f1\lang1063 .\f0\lang39  Select \cf4 [Test]\cf0  tab and click \cf4 [Settings]\cf0  button.\line 5\f1\lang1063 .\f0\lang39  Check \cf1 "[x] Combined (single axis - used for most games)"\cf0  option.\line 6\f1\lang1063 .\f0\lang39  Click \cf4 [Close]\cf0\f1\lang1063  \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang39  \cf4 [OK]\cf0\f1\lang1063  \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang39  \cf4 [OK]\cf0  buttons.\par
Solution 2: If you \ul can't separate pedals\ulnone :\par
1\f1\lang1063 .\f0\lang39  Open \cf1 X360\f1\lang1063 CE\cf0 .\f0\lang39\line 2\f1\lang1063 .\f0\lang39  Set LEFT "Trigger" \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang39 drop\f1\lang1063 -\f0\lang39 down\f1\lang1063 ]\cf0  \f0\lang39 value to\f1\lang1063 : \f0\lang39 Sliders \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang39  Half \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang39  \cf1 HSlider 1\cf0\f1\lang1063 .\line\f0\lang39 3\f1\lang1063 .\f0\lang39  Set RIGHT "Trigger" \cf4\f1\lang1063 [\f0\lang39 drop\f1\lang1063 -\f0\lang39 down\f1\lang1063 ] \cf0\f0\lang39 value to\f1\lang1063 :\f0\lang39  Sliders \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang39  Inverted Half \f3\fs26\u8594?\f0\fs22\lang39  \cf1 IHSlider 1\cf0\f1\lang1063 .\line\f0\lang39 4\f1\lang1063 .\f0\lang39  Test pedals.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b What are real life steering wheel degrees?\b0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 1080\'b0 (3.0 x 360\'b0) - Heavy cars, trucks.\line   900\'b0 (2.5 x 360\'b0) - Average road cars, sports cars.\line   720\'b0 (2.0 x 360\'b0) - Drift cars. Multiple classes of Rally cars (group N).\line   540\'b0 (1.5 x 360\'b0) - GT1 and 3 spec race cars, WRC Rally cars.\line   360\'b0 (1.0 x 360\'b0) - Formula 1 cars.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b What HookMasks do?\b0\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Many games will work even without any of the below set, but it would be good to know them as well\f1\lang1063 .\f0\lang39\par
\cf1 LL\cf0  - Many XACT games (that is, the Xbox360/PC cross platform games) require HookLL to run properly. As they do not load the xinput runtime directly, Dinput8 wrapper is required to redirect back to the local X360CE binary instead of loading the default xinput1/9_x binary.\par
\cf1 COM\cf0  - Games that support both Direct and X Input API's may end up displaying both controllers in game, resulting in ghosted input or being able to start a 2 player game using a single control (SF4/SSF4 and DMC for example). HookCOM allows the game to mask the controller's directinput capabilities, which is advised by microsoft themselves on TechNet. HookCOM is the method required in most cases of games not working.\par
\cf1 DI\cf0  - Allows the wrapper to trick some games that detect the controller GUID via DirectInput, The first Assassins Creed is one such title.\par
\cf1 PIDVID\cf0  - Works in conjunction with FakePID= and FakeVID=. Without these, it defaults to the Wired Xbox 360 Controller which are 0x28E and 0x45E respectively.\par
\cf1 NAME\cf0  - Allows x360ce to return a different oemname than that of the controller installed. For instance, in Assassins Creed it changes the name of the xinput device to Xbox 360 Controller. While this is generally not required for functionality, the game mini ninja's is known to check for "Xbox 360 Controller" in the registry and will not work if the name is anything else.\par
\cf1 SA\cf0  - Enables the hooking of SetupAPI. Only the BeatHazard titles are known to require it thus far, so it should almost never be needed.\par
\cf1 WT\cf0  - Enables the hooking of WinVerifyTrust. This is required for games which utilise WVT for Process Integrity checking. Only Gears of War is known to use it at this point, so it should almost never be needed.\par
}
 